---
title: "52 North Health"
role: "Full-Stack Devloper"
employer: "52North"
location: "Cambridge"
startDate: "December 2024"
endDate: "Present"
shortDescription: "I made the decision to take this role to deepen my experience beyond front-end development, into a more full-stack role. While my previous work was primarily front-end focused, the opportunities I had to work on back-end stacks sparked a genuine interest in solving more complex, server-side and architectural challenges. I wanted to broaden my technical capabilities, take ownership of full-stack solutions, and contribute more directly to core product functionality, rather than soley front-end websites and basic applications. This role offered the ideal environment to grow those skills while working on meaningful, impactful software in a med-tech setting."
tags: ["Laravel", "Inertia", "Vue", "Tailwind", "Docker", "Vite"]
id: 3
---

As part of the digital team, I design, develop, and maintain our interal software products. My role includes delivering new features, performing regular server and application updates, conducting security, performance and accessibility audits, and diagnosing and resolving complex issues across the stack. I work closely with clinical staff, responding quickly to feedback and operational needs to ensure our products remain reliable, safe, and efficient.

Working in a regulated healthcare setting, I have to maintain strong awareness of relevant standards, data protection requirements, and compliance expectations to ensure all development aligns with industry regulations.

- Develop and enhance internal clinical software products using Laravel, Inertia.js, Vue.js, Tailwind CSS, and Docker.
- Deliver new features end-to-end, from requirements gathering to deployment and validation in clinical environments.
- Perform routine server, dependency, and application updates, including security and performance audits.
- Collaborate closely with clinical teams, responding quickly to feedback and translating operational needs into technical solutions.
- Contribute to continuous improvement of internal processes, tooling, and development workflows.
