---
title: 'Root Studio'
role: 'Front End Developer'
employer: 'Root Studio'
location: 'Lincoln'
startDate: 'July 2022'
endDate: 'Present'
shortDescription: 'Motivated by a desire to further my skills and keep up with the rapidly evolving field of Web Development, I sought out a new opportunity and joined the experienced team at Root Studio. This move proved to be a pivotal step in my career, allowing me to elevate my development skills significantly. At Root Studio, I engaged with a variety of new languages and frameworks, tackling fresh challenges that broadened my technical expertise and problem-solving abilities.'
copy: ''
items: {
    'Responsible for the creation of technical documentation, including the creation of a company wide accessibility standards document.'
}
id: 2
---

Joining Root Studio was driven by ambition to broaden my expertise beyond solely WordPress. Shortly after my arrival, I took on significant responsibilities, including major PHP upgrades for legacy sites using Perch CMS, and developing a bespoke website using the Laravel-based CMS, Statamic. My early accomplishments in these projects were a testament to my adaptability and eagerness to learn.

Root Studio were an already well-astablished team with a modern approach to front end development. They primarily utilized Statamic and leveraged Webpack/Laravel Mix for their build processes, with GitHub for version control. This environment provided me with a rich learning ground. Within just a few months, I had immersed myself in a diverse range of Content Management Systems, programming languages, frameworks, and build tools, significantly expanding my technical skills.

At this position, I developed a keen focus on accessibility and performance, constantly embracing modern methodologies to ensure that every website I created was not only high-performing but also universally accessible and user-friendly. This commitment involved meticulously crafting sites to be efficient and easy to navigate for all, regardless of their circumstances.

Notable achievments are as follows:

- Maintaining a company-wide suite of frameworks and boilerplates, incorporating new modern practices and keeping dependencies up to date (such as SCSS frameworks, starter themes and tools).

- Managing and updating existing websites with new features and keeping package managers up to date.

- Responsible for performance testing and optimisation of all projects. Utilising tools such as Google Lighthouse and YellowLab to identify areas of improvement and implement updates.

- Extensive knowledge of WCAG guidelines. Often in collaboration with the design team, discussing and recommending solutions to better serve the needs of all users.

- Extensive knowledge of JavaScript frameworks such as AlpineJS, of which I extended with custom plugins and functionality to aid our development process.

- Gained valuable experience in back-end principles, particularly in Laravel, contributing significantly to behind-the-scenes development.

- Production experience within the Vue framework, for the creation of custom plugins and add-ons for Statamic CMS.

- Responsible for creating technical documentation, including the development of a company-wide accessibility standards guide.

- Experience managing servers via providers and services such as Linode, Forge and CPanel.

- Adapted flexibly to the evolving needs of the business, taking on diverse projects that extended beyond my usual skill set to support company objectives.