---
title: "Fenech Digital"
role: "Web Developer"
employer: "Fenech Digital / Kappow"
location: "Stamford"
startDate: "September 2018"
endDate: "July 2022"
shortDescription: "In 2018, I joined Fenech Digital, fresh from teaching myself the basics of Web Development in pursuit of a new career. This role provided an ideal setting for honing my skills and advancing professionally. My primary role was the development of bespoke WordPress websites, plugins and solutions. As my expertise expanded, so did my responsibilities, including assisting in the onboarding of new team members during the establishment of a sister agency. Additionally, I took on a client-facing role, where I specialized in understanding client needs and delivering tailored solutions to meet their specific requirements."
tags: ["WordPress"]
id: 1
---

My primary job role at Fenech Digital/Kappow was a front-end web developer, specializing in crafting bespoke WordPress themes for a diverse clientele, from SMEs to large corporates. Collaborating closely with either our in-house designer or external agencies, I seamlessly translated designs from Sketch and Photoshop into fully responsive, accessible, and high-performing websites. My responsibilities encompassed the complete build process, including responsive design, bug fixing, QA, and post-launch adjustments.

Notable challenges and achievements during my time are as follows:

- Development of a bespoke WordPress Framework for use by all company developers to ensure consistency across all projects.

- Custom SASS Mixins, Functions and Variables to aid in the swift development of projects.

- Custom WordPress helper functions for a more streamlined development process.

- Responsible for performance testing and optimisation of all projects. Utilising tools such as Google Lighthouse and Pingdom to identify areas of improvement and implement updates.

- Adapting to the needs of the business, including working on projects outside of my usual skillset.

- Facilitated effective communication channels between clients and the development team for improved feedback and revisions.

- Onboarding and training of new developers, ensuring they are familiar with the company development processes and standards.

- Project Managament, including the creation of project plans, timelines and budgets. Assisting clients by providing technical advice and guidance.

- Experience managing servers via providers and services such as Linode, Forge and CPanel.
